#labels Featured
#Frequently Asked Question

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />
----
== System Requirement ==
  # Operating System : Linux, Window and Macintosh (visualization optimized for Linux)
  # Java runtime environment (JRE) 6 or above.

== Installation ==
  # Unzip the Pro-Gyan-`<`version>.zip by a standard application to a directory Pro-Gyan {installation_directory}. Start the application by double clicking Pro-Gyan.jar which is inside the installation_directory. The software can also be launched by executing command “java -jar Pro-Gyan.jar” from the location of Pro-Gyan.jar. If Pro-Gyan is to be used for big training set please use Pro-Gyan_memory_linux.sh or Pro-Gyan_memory_windows.bat by assigning as much possible memory (default 512mb) using -Xmx<ammount of memory> argument.

== How To ==
=== Cite Pro-Gyan ===
  * Please site *<a href="http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s00726-014-1697-z">Roy, Rishi Das, and Debasis Dash. "Selection of relevant features from amino acids enables development of robust classifiers." Amino acids 46.5 (2014): 1343-1351.</a>*
=== Build classifiers and classify proteins ===
  # Read the *ReadMe.pdf* given inside the Pro-Gyan-`<`version>.zip.
=== Contribute your classifier and data ===
  * If you have used Pro-Gyan to build a new classifier, we will happy to host it and its training data here.
=== Customize Pro-Gyan ===
  * Pro-Gyan is an open source application. Hence if you a java programmer you can update/customize it with new feature calculation , feature selection and weka machine learning algorithms. <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/progyan/files/Eclipse_Setup/Pro-Gyan%20development%20environment.docx/download">Here</a> is a document which is helpful to set up the development environment using Eclipse. Pro-Gyan depends on two external (eclipse) <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/progyan/files/Eclipse_Setup/AdditionalProjects.zip/download">projects</a>. 


== Report bug ==
  # Report to rishi.dasroy at gmail.com or 